[PBNTR-548] Overlay kit: Multi-directional overlays not behaving correctly - React (#4284)
powerhome/playbook: playbook/app/pb_kits/playbook/pb_overlay/docs/_overlay_vertical_dynamic_multi_directional_react.md

> Pass the `dynamic` prop to make the overlay render while the scrollbar isn't at ether end on the scrollbar. Additionaly, add a `ref` to the child thats being passed through the Overlay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass the `dynamic` prop to make the overlay render while the scrollbar isn't at either end on the scrollbar. You must also add a `ref` to the child that's being passed through the Overlay.
```
